## Move and Scan

This drill encourages swift decision making based on visual cues,
simulating real game situations where players must make split-second
decisions based on the positioning of their teammates and opponents.

### Setup

1. Set up three poles or cones in a triangle.

2. Place a kicking board (rebounder) parallel to one side of the
triangle.

3. Place a phone or an iPad on a tripod on the far end of the
rebounder. The device will display either blue or green during the
drill.

4. The player (your son) stands in the middle of the triangle.

### Drill

1. **Show and Scan:** Your son moves towards one of the poles (let's
continue with the color-code for simplicity's sake - Red, Blue, and
Green). As he moves, he checks the color displayed on the device.

2. **Call and Pass:** He calls out the color displayed on the device
(e.g., "Green!") and gives a one-touch pass back to you.

3. **Return and Scan:** He quickly returns to the center of the
triangle and scans the device again.

4. **Decision Making:** Now, based on the color displayed, he must
make a quick decision:

   - **Option 1 - Blue:** If the device displays blue, he should
       execute a one-touch pass to the kicking board and then a
       two-touch pass back to you, remaining in the center of the
       triangle.
   
   - **Option 2 - Green:** If the device displays green, he should
       perform an outside cut to 'open up' towards one of the other
       poles (not the rebounder one), and then pass the ball back to
       you.


Certainly, the following drill, titled "Dribble and Scan," is designed
to enhance your son's dribbling skills while improving his peripheral
vision and awareness.

## Dribble and Scan

### Setup

1. Set up four cones in a square, each side approximately 10 yards
apart.

2. Position yourself in the middle of the square.

3. The player (your son) starts at one of the corners with a ball.

4. You will be showing different numbers of fingers during the drill.

### Drill

1. **Dribble:** Your son starts dribbling in one direction along the
square, maintaining close control of the ball.

2. **Scan:** As he's dribbling, he must frequently glance at you in
the middle of the square to identify the number of fingers you're
showing.

3. **Call Out:** He calls out the number of fingers you're showing
(e.g., "Two!") while continuing to dribble.

4. **Direction Change:** Depending on your pre-set rules, the number
of fingers you show could determine the direction he should
dribble. For example, an odd number could mean he should change his
direction and dribble counterclockwise, while an even number could
mean he continues in his current direction.

This drill is excellent for enhancing your son's dribbling skills and
peripheral vision. In a real game scenario, it simulates checking for
positions of teammates and opponents while maintaining control of the
ball. It also fosters quick decision-making skills as he has to
instantly react to the number of fingers you show.

??? Info "Video & Notes"
    [Pass and Scan](https://youtu.be/J8WCWu1OIhM?t=951)

    1 touch back and scan and decide:
    
    - 2-touch kill alt to board 
    - 2-touch kill alt to me

    [Scan and drop sholder](https://youtu.be/J8WCWu1OIhM?t=704)

    - 2-touch kill alt to board 
    - 1-touch drop shoulder to me


    [Scan and open](https://youtu.be/J8WCWu1OIhM?t=1103)

    Scan, 1 touch back, 2 options
    
    Option 1:

    1. Show, drop shoulder
    2. 1-touch back and scan
    3. Move around pole and 1-touch back	

    Option 2:
    
    1. 2 touch kill alt to board
    2. open up and 1-touch back	
    3. Move around pole and 1-touch back
